{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033
{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red85\green85\blue85;\red180\green180\blue180;}
\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\margb1008\viewkind4\uc1
\pard\sa0\sl240\slmult1\f0\fs20
{\b\fs40 Praise John Ampalakattu}\par
\pard\sa0\sl240\slmult1 {\cf2\fs18 Dubai, UAE  \'b7  praise_john@outlook.com  \'b7  linkedin.com/in/[handle]  \'b7  github.com/[handle]}\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf3\sb100\sa140\fs2\par
\pard\sa100\sl276\slmult1\fs20 Business \& MIS Analyst with 14 years in banking operations across MUFG, First Abu Dhabi Bank, Barclays, and Noor Islamic Bank. Now applying AI to development and operations. Building {\b Plan} \'97 a multi-agent AI-Council Kanban planner on Next.js 14 / TypeScript / Supabase, with Claude Code as primary author and Codex as blocking reviewer, under a 13-phase methodology. Five languages.\par
\pard\sb180\sa60\sl260\slmult1\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw6\brdrcf3 {\b\fs22 Current work \'97 Plan}\par
\pard\sa40\sl276\slmult1\fs20 A personal Kanban planner with a persistent AI Council. Next.js 14 App Router, TypeScript strict, Supabase (Postgres + Auth), {\i @anthropic-ai/sdk} streaming, Vercel.\par
\pard\fi-200\li240\sa20\sl276\slmult1\fs20 \'95\tab Serial releases: v0.1 shipped -> v0.4 Council -> v0.5 Teams -> v0.6 multi-list -> v1.0 launch\par
\'95\tab 13-phase methodology: readiness -> vision -> rules -> PRD -> scaffolding -> execution\par
\'95\tab Council Write Gate: every board mutation requires a server-issued approval token; no auto-apply\par
\'95\tab Typed repository boundary ({\i lib/persistence/**}) so the backend is swappable for an enterprise DB post-v1.0\par
\'95\tab Hybrid operating model: Claude Code drafts, Codex audits every PR, I approve merges\par
\'95\tab Failure policy embedded: fail-visible / fail-quiet+alert / fail-hard per agent; 429 -> queued backoff; per-call cost instrumented from day one\par
\pard\sa0\sl276\slmult1\fs20 Repo: github.com/[handle]/Plan\par
\pard\sb180\sa60\sl260\slmult1\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw6\brdrcf3 {\b\fs22 AI-augmented practice}\par
\pard\fi-200\li240\sa20\sl276\slmult1\fs20 \'95\tab Tools in rotation: Claude Code (primary), Codex (audit), Cursor, Gemini, custom project skills\par
\'95\tab Context discipline: canonical vision doc, phase-gated input queues, response-header convention, PR-gated merges\par
\'95\tab Current ops role: Power BI + Claude-assisted SQL + VBA replaced manual reconciliation \'97 hours to minutes\par
\'95\tab Learning posture: TypeScript and Next.js by shipping; Python on structured data; prompt engineering through PR-reviewed work\par
\pard\sb180\sa60\sl260\slmult1\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw6\brdrcf3 {\b\fs22 Experience}\par
\pard\tqr\tx9900\sa20\sl276\slmult1\fs20 {\b Operations \& Sales Support \'97 Powerhouse Event Management, Dubai}\tab{\cf2 Jan 2024 \'96 present}\par
\pard\sa100\sl276\slmult1\fs20 Reporting, CRM, and operational automation. Power BI + scripted pipelines replacing spreadsheet and email loops.\par
\pard\tqr\tx9900\sa20\sl276\slmult1\fs20 {\b Business / MIS Analyst \'97 MUFG, First Abu Dhabi Bank, Barclays, Noor Islamic Bank}\tab{\cf2 2010 \'96 2023}\par
\pard\sa60\sl276\slmult1\fs20 14 years across four banks. FLEXCUBE core banking, SWIFT flows, trade and treasury settlement. Reporting via SQL, Power BI, and Excel/VBA; MS Access for local analytics; Salesforce CRM configuration. Cross-functional bridge between ops, tech, risk, and compliance.\par
\pard\sb180\sa60\sl260\slmult1\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw6\brdrcf3 {\b\fs22 Skills}\par
\pard\sa20\sl276\slmult1\fs20 {\b Analysis \& data} \'97 SQL, Power BI, Excel/VBA, MS Access, MIS reporting\par
{\b AI-augmented delivery} \'97 Claude Code, Codex, Cursor, Gemini; TypeScript, Next.js 14, Tailwind (reading level); Python scripting; Supabase; Git/GitHub PR workflow\par
{\b Enterprise ops} \'97 FLEXCUBE, SWIFT, Salesforce CRM, VB.Net\par
\pard\sb180\sa60\sl260\slmult1\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw6\brdrcf3 {\b\fs22 Education \& languages}\par
\pard\sa20\sl276\slmult1\fs20 {\b Education} \'97 [Degree, Institution, Year]\par
{\b Languages} \'97 English, Arabic, Malayalam, Hindi, Dutch\par
}
